# Inspiration Page

<table><thead><tr><th data-type="checkbox">Implemented?</th><th>Requirements</th><th>Instructions</th><th>Expected Results</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>true</td><td>User is able to listen to songs on Spotify using the embedded iFrame.</td><td>Go to <a href="https://vttp-booktribe.herokuapp.com/inspire">https://vttp-booktribe.herokuapp.com/inspire</a> or click on the "Inspire" button. <br><br>An embedded Spotify iFrame should appear at the top which user can use.</td><td>When user goes to the Inspire page, it will load an embedded Spotify iFrame which user can click and it will play the song.</td></tr><tr><td>true</td><td>Random inspirational quote will appear</td><td>Read the current quote. <br><br>Refresh or go to another page before coming back to the "Inspire" page, a new quote should appear.</td><td>Everytime the user goes to the page, a new quote will appear generated from the Quotes API.</td></tr><tr><td>true</td><td>Random poem will appear</td><td>Read the current poem. <br><br>Refresh or go to another page before coming back to the "Inspire" page, a new poem should appear.</td><td>Everytime the user goes to the page, a new poem will appear generated from the Poem API.</td></tr><tr><td>false</td><td>User is able to save an inspirational quote</td><td>Click on the "Save" button to save the quote. <br><br>This will appear in the user's profile.</td><td>When the user clicks on the "Save" button below the quote, it will save to the user's profile.</td></tr><tr><td>false</td><td>User is able to save a poem</td><td>Click on the "Save" button to save the poem.<br><br>This will appear in the user's profile.</td><td>When the user clicks on the "Save" button below the poem, it will save to the user's profile.</td></tr></tbody></table>
